I started as an altar boy, working at the church. Learning all my holy moves, doing some research.
So much to do, there's plenty on the farm. I'll sleep when I'm dead!
I saw her leave the luau with the one who parked the cars and the fat one from the swimming pool, they were swaying on and on
Nuclear arms in the Middle East, Israel's attacking the Iraqis, the Syrians are mad at the Lebanese and Baghdad does whatever she please
I saw a werewolf with a Chinese menu in his hand, walking through the streets of Soho in the rain
Everybody's restless, cos they got no place to go. And someone's always trying to tell them something they already know
I lay my head on the railroad tracks, waiting for the Double E
I was sitting in the Hollywood Hawaiian hotel. I was staring in my empty coffee cup
It's none of my business, but if I may remind you of the time you did something you knew was wrong, but it wasn't called a crime
Gambler ambled down a country lane, looking for a game of chance. She was 21 or 2 and she knew what she wanted and she wanted that gambling man
I called up my friend Leroy on the phone. I said Buddy, I'm afraid to be alone
Big gorilla at the LA zoo, snatched the glasses right off my face. Took the keys to my BMW, left me here to take his place
Dry your eyes my little friend. Let me take you by the hand. Freddy, get ready! Rock steady, as Johnny strikes up the band
I've got a bitter pot of je ne sais quoi. Guess what, I'm stirring it with a monkey's paw.
Roland was a warrior, from the land of the midnight sun. With a Thompson gun for hire, fighting to be done
Well I went home with the waitress, the way I always do. But how was I to know she was with the Russians too?
How you gonna make your way in the world woman, when you weren't cut out for working?
I hear mariachi static on my radio, and the tubes, they glow in the dark
Bad luck streak in dancing school, down on my knees in pain
Lear Jet SWAT team, on a midnight run. With the M16 and the Ingram Gun
I had a little girl now, we crossed the state line. It was more than just an overdraft, we were looking at time
When my mama met my girl, she took me aside. She's a soft-spoken woman but she speaks her mind
I've seen all there is to see, and I've heard all they had to say. I've done everything I wanted to do. I've done that, too
Charlie dealt in pharmaceuticals, Charlie used to sell me pills. Yesterday his sister called to tell me he'd been killed
I worked hard, but not for the money. I did my best to please. I used to think it was funny, 'til I realised it was all a tease
The phone don't ring. And the sun refused to shine. Never thought I'd have to pay so dearly for what was already mine
I heard Woodrow Wilson's guns, I heard Maria crying. Late last night, I heard the news that Veracruz was dying
Mama where's your pretty little girl tonight, trying to run before he walk? That's right.
Our guitar player's scalding hot, and Zeke's going at it giving it everything he's got
I was born down by the river, where the dirty water flows. And the cold wind cut through me, it cut right through my clothes
Now here's a little story that I really wanna tell. It's about Bo Diddley at the OK Corral
On a small Missouri farm back when the West was young, two boys learned to rope and ride and be handy with a gun
She tells him she thinks she needs to be free. He tells her he doesn't understand
Grampa pissed his pants again, he don't give a damn. Brother Billy has both guns drawn, he ain't been right since Vietnam
Nighttime in the switching yard. Nighttime in the switching yard. Nighttime in the switching yard
Hurry home early, hurry on home. Boom Boom Mancini's fighting Bobby Chicon.
Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum. Hoist the mainsail, here I come. Ain't no room on board for the insincere
I had the shit till it all got smoked, I kept the promise till the vow got broke
