"I started as an altar boy, working at the church" - Warren Zevon, Mr Bad Example
"So much to do, there's plenty on the farm. I'll sleep when I'm dead!" - Warren Zevon, I'll Sleep When I'm Dead
"I saw her leave the luau with the one who parked the cars and the fat one from the swimming pool, they were swaying on and on" - Warren Zevon, The Hula Hula Boys
"Nuclear arms in the Middle East, Israel's attacking the Iraqis, the Syrians are mad at the Lebanese and Baghdad does whatever she please" - Warren Zevon
"I saw a werewolf with a Chinese menu in his hand, walking through the streets of Soho in the rain" - Warren Zevon, Werewolves of London
"Everybody's restless, cos they got no place to go. And someone's always trying to tell them something they already know" - Warren Zevon, Mohammed's Radio
"I lay my head on the railroad tracks, waiting for the Double E" - Warren Zevon, Poor Poor Pitiful Me
"I was sitting in the Hollywood Hawaiian hotel. I was staring in my empty coffee cup" - Warren Zevon, Desperadoes Under The Eaves
"It's none of my business, but if I may remind you of the time you did something you knew was wrong, but it wasn't called a crime" - Warren Zevon, The Sin
"Gambler ambled down a country lane, looking for a game of chance. She was 21 or 2 and she knew what she wanted and she wanted that gambling man" - Warren Zevon, Mama Couldn't Be Persuaded
"I called up my friend Leroy on the phone. I said "Buddy, I'm afraid to be alone" - Warren Zevon, Things To Do In Denver When You're Dead
"Big gorilla at the LA zoo, snatched the glasses right off my face. Took the keys to my BMW, left me here to take his place" - Warren Zevon, Gorilla, You're A Desperado
"Dry your eyes my little friend. Let me take you by the hand. Freddy, get ready! Rock steady, as Johnny strikes up the band" - Warren Zevon, Johnny Strikes Up The Band
"I've got a bitter pot of je ne sais quoi. Guess what, I'm stirring it with a monkey's paw." - Warren Zevon, Genius
"Roland was a warrior, from the land of the midnight sun. With a Thompson gun for hire, fighting to be done" - Warren Zevon, Roland The Headless Thompson Gunner
"Well I went home with the waitress, the way I always do. But how was I to know she was with the Russians too?" - Warren Zevon, Lawyers, Guns, And Money
"How you gonna make your way in the world woman, when you weren't cut out for working?" - Warren Zevon, The French Inhaler
"I hear mariachi static on my radio, and the tubes, they glow in the dark" - Warren Zevon, Carmelita
"Bad luck streak in dancing school, down on my knees in pain" - Warren Zevon, Bad Luck Streak In Dancing School
"Lear Jet SWAT team, on a midnight run. With the M16 and the Ingram Gun" - Warren Zevon, Jungle Work
"I had a little girl now, we crossed the state line. It was more than just an overdraft, we were looking at time" - Warren Zevon, The Overdraft
"When my mama met my girl, she took me aside. She's a soft-spoken woman but she speaks her mind" - Warren Zevon, Let Nothing Come Between You
"I've seen all there is to see, and I've heard all they had to say. I've done everything I wanted to do. I've done that, too" = Ain't That Pretty At All
"Charlie dealt in pharmaceuticals, Charlie used to sell me pills. Yesterday his sister called to tell me he'd been killed" - Warren Zevon, Charlie's Medicine
"I worked hard, but not for the money. I did my best to please. I used to think it was funny, 'til I realised it was all a tease" - Warren Zevon, Looking For The Next Best Thing
"The phone don't ring. And the sun refused to shine. Never thought I'd have to pay so dearly for what was already mine" - Warren Zevon, Accidentally Like A Martyr
"I heard Woodrow Wilson's guns, I heard Maria crying. Late last night, I heard the news that Veracruz was dying" - Warren Zevon, Veracruz
"Mama where's your pretty little girl tonight, trying to run before he walk? That's right." - Warren Zevon, Tenderness On The Block
"Our guitar player's scalding hot, and Zeke's going at it giving it everything he's got" - Warren Zevon, Stand In The Fire
"I was born down by the river, where the dirty water flows. And the cold wind cut through me, it cut right through my clothes" - Warren Zevon, Jeannie Needs A Shooter
"Now here's a little story that I really wanna tell. It's about Bo Diddley at the OK Corral" - Warren Zevon, Bo Diddley's A Gunslinger/Bo Diddley
"On a small Missouri farm back when the West was young, two boys learned to rope and ride and be handy with a gun" - Warren Zevon, Frank And Jesse James
"She tells him she thinks she needs to be free. He tells her he doesn't understand" - Warren Zevon, Hasten Down The Wind
"Grampa pissed his pants again, he don't give a damn. Brother Billy has both guns drawn, he ain't been right since Vietnam" - Warren Zevon, Play It All Night Long
"Nighttime in the switching yard. Nighttime in the switching yard. Nighttime in the switching yard" - Warren Zevon, Nighttime In The Switching Yard
"Hurry home early, hurry on home. Boom Boom Mancini's fighting Bobby Chicon." - Warren Zevon, Boom Boom Mancini
"Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum. Hoist the mainsail, here I come. Ain't no room on board for the insincere" - Warren Zevon, Mutineer
"I had the shit till it all got smoked, I kept the promise till the vow got broke" - Warren Zevon, I Was In The House When The House Burned Down
"Talking away. I don't know what to say, I'll say it anyway" - A-Ha, Take On Me
"I wanna tell you a story, about a woman I know. When it comes to loving, ooh she steal the show." - AC/DC, Whole Lotta Rosie
"Yeah, yeah, dude looks like a lady, yeah, yeah, dude looks like a lady" - Aerosmith, Dude Looks Like A Lady
"There's something wrong with the world today. I don't know what it is. Something's wrong with our eyes" - Aerosmith, Livin' On The Edge
"Your cruel device, your blood like ice, one look could kill, my pain your thrill" - Alice Cooper, Poison
"You've heard every line before, my life's a revolving door, with no way out, and no way in" - Allman Brothers Band, Straight From The Heart
"There is a house in New Orleans they call the Rising Sun. And it's been the ruin of many a poor boy, and God I know I'm one" - The Animals, House Of The Rising Sun
"Baby, do you understand me now? Sometimes I feel a little mad. But don't you know that noone alive can always be an angel" - The Animals, Please Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood
"Boom boom boom boom! Gonna shoot you right down! Take you in my arms! I'm in love with you!" - The Animals, Boom Boom
"In this dirty old part of the city, where the sun refuse to shine, people tell me there ain't no use in trying" - The Animals, We've Gotta Get Out Of This Place
"I met a devil woman, she took my heart away. She said I had it coming to me, that I wanted it that way" - Bachman-Turner Overdrive, You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet
"I pulled into Nazareth, I was feelin' 'bout half past dead. I just need some place where I can lay my head" - The Band, The Weight
"Six o'clock already I was just in the middle of a dream. I was kissing Valentino by a crystal blue Italian stream" - The Bangles, Manic Monday
"All the old paintings in the tomb they do the sand dance, don't you know? If you move too quick (oh wey oh) they're falling down like a domino" - The Bangles, Walk Like An Egyptian
"Brass monkey, that funky monkey! Brass monkey, chunky, that funky monkey!" - Beastie Boys, Brass Monkey
"Foot on the pedal, never ever false metal, engine running hotter than a boiling kettle" - Beastie Boys, No Sleep 'Til Brooklyn
"Hey ladies in the place we're calling out to ya, there never was a city kid truer and truer" - Beastie Boys, Hey Ladies
"Don't you tell me to smile, you stick around I'll make it worth your while, got numbers beyond what you can dial, maybe it's cause I'm so versatile" - Beastie Boys, Intergalactic
